Api deprecate cmap functions (#23668)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/api/next_api_changes/deprecations/XYZ-TC.rst

> Deprecated top-level cmap registration and access functions in ``mpl.cm``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pending deprecation of top-level cmap registration and access functions in ``mpl.cm``
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> As part of `multi-step process
> <https://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/issues/20853>`_ we are refactoring
> global state for managing the registered colormap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of a `multi-step process
<https://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/issues/20853>`_ we are refactoring
the global state for managing the registered colormaps.
```
